README.md, before:

# Amendment.Web

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/columbus0380/amendment/_apis/build/status/AdamLJohnson.Amendment)](https://dev.azure.com/columbus0380/amendment/_build/latest?definitionId=1)

## Build Prerequisites
1. [DotNet Core v2.2 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download)
1. [Web Compiler VS Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MadsKristensen.WebCompiler)

## Some quick commands

### Compile a release
To build a publish release. Run this command from the project's root folder: `dotnet publish --configuration Release`
 - Once the build is done you will find the files to be copied to the server at `\src\Amendment.Web\bin\Release\netcoreapp2.0\publish\`

### SQL and EF migration commands

Run these commands as needed from `\src\Amendment.Repository`
```
dotnet ef migrations remove
dotnet ef migrations add AddedAmendment
dotnet ef migrations script > d:\temp\sql.sql
```

### Server commands
```
sudo nano /etc/systemd/system/aspnetcore-amendment.service
sudo systemctl status aspnetcore-amendment.service
sudo systemctl enable aspnetcore-amendment.service
sudo systemctl start aspnetcore-amendment.service

sudo journalctl -fu aspnetcore-amendment.service
```

## Setup

Be sure that the user that runs the Azure DevOps agent has Read/Write permissions to `/var/aspnetcore/amendments`. You may need to create the directory.

### Startup Service Script

Save to `/etc/systemd/system/aspnetcore-amendment.service`
```
[Unit]
Description=Amendment translation web site

[Service]
WorkingDirectory=/var/aspnetcore/amendments
ExecStart=/usr/bin/dotnet /var/aspnetcore/amendments/Amendment.Server.dll --urls=http://*:5000
Restart=always
# Restart service after 10 seconds if the dotnet service crashes:
RestartSec=10
SyslogIdentifier=amendment-web
User=adamlj
Environment=ASPNETCORE_ENVIRONMENT=Production
Environment=DOTNET_PRINT_TELEMETRY_MESSAGE=true
Environment=ConnectionStrings__DefaultConnection=Host=<HOST>;Database=<DB>;Username=<USERNAME>;Password=<PASSWORD>;

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```

### Allow Azure DevOps to restart the service

Add the following to `/etc/sudoers`:
```
%sudo   ALL=NOPASSWD: /bin/systemctl restart aspnetcore-amendment.service
```

### nginx.conf

**NOTE** Replace `DOMAINNAME` with the real domain name. You will also need to remove the let's encrypt/Certbot config until you are ready.

```
user www-data;
worker_processes auto;
pid /run/nginx.pid;
include /etc/nginx/modules-enabled/*.conf;

events {
        worker_connections 768;
        # multi_accept on;
}

http {
    include       mime.types;
    # anything written in /opt/nginx/conf/mime.types is interpreted as if written inside the http { } block

    default_type  application/octet-stream;

    map $http_connection $connection_upgrade {
        "~*Upgrade" $http_connection;
        default keep-alive;
    }

    server {
            server_name amendments.DOMAINNAME.com www.amendments.DOMAINNAME.com;

            # Configure the SignalR Endpoint
            location / {
                      # App server url
                      proxy_pass http://localhost:5000;

                      # Configuration for WebSockets
                      proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
                      proxy_set_header Connection $connection_upgrade;
                      proxy_cache off;
                      # WebSockets were implemented after http/1.0
                      proxy_http_version 1.1;

                      # Configuration for ServerSentEvents
                      proxy_buffering off;

                      # Configuration for LongPolling or if your KeepAliveInterval is longer than 60 seconds
                      proxy_read_timeout 100s;

                      proxy_set_header Host $host;
                      proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
                      proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto $scheme;
                     }

    listen 443 ssl; # managed by Certbot
    ssl_certificate /etc/letsencrypt/live/amendments.DOMAINNAME.com/fullchain.pem; # managed by Certbot
    ssl_certificate_key /etc/letsencrypt/live/amendments.DOMAINNAME.com/privkey.pem; # managed by Certbot
    include /etc/letsencrypt/options-ssl-nginx.conf; # managed by Certbot
    ssl_dhparam /etc/letsencrypt/ssl-dhparams.pem; # managed by Certbot


}


    server {
            server_name dev-amendments.DOMAINNAME.com www.dev-amendments.DOMAINNAME.com;

            # Configure the SignalR Endpoint
            location / {
                      # App server url
                      proxy_pass http://localhost:5050;

                      # Configuration for WebSockets
                      proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
                      proxy_set_header Connection $connection_upgrade;
                      proxy_cache off;
                      # WebSockets were implemented after http/1.0
                      proxy_http_version 1.1;

                      # Configuration for ServerSentEvents
                      proxy_buffering off;

                      # Configuration for LongPolling or if your KeepAliveInterval is longer than 60 seconds
                      proxy_read_timeout 100s;

                      proxy_set_header Host $host;
                      proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
                      proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto $scheme;
                     }

    listen 443 ssl; # managed by Certbot
    ssl_certificate /etc/letsencrypt/live/dev-amendments.DOMAINNAME.com/fullchain.pem; # managed by Certbot
    ssl_certificate_key /etc/letsencrypt/live/dev-amendments.DOMAINNAME.com/privkey.pem; # managed by Certbot
    include /etc/letsencrypt/options-ssl-nginx.conf; # managed by Certbot
    ssl_dhparam /etc/letsencrypt/ssl-dhparams.pem; # managed by Certbot


}




    server {
    if ($host = www.amendments.DOMAINNAME.com) {
        return 301 https://$host$request_uri;
    } # managed by Certbot


    if ($host = amendments.DOMAINNAME.com) {
        return 301 https://$host$request_uri;
    } # managed by Certbot


            listen 80;
            server_name amendments.DOMAINNAME.com www.amendments.DOMAINNAME.com;
    return 404; # managed by Certbot




}


    server {
    if ($host = www.dev-amendments.DOMAINNAME.com) {
        return 301 https://$host$request_uri;
    } # managed by Certbot


    if ($host = dev-amendments.DOMAINNAME.com) {
        return 301 https://$host$request_uri;
    } # managed by Certbot


            listen 80;
            server_name dev-amendments.DOMAINNAME.com www.dev-amendments.DOMAINNAME.com;
    return 404; # managed by Certbot




}}

```

Commit message:

Small update to the README

README.md, after:

# Amendment.Web

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/columbus0380/amendment/_apis/build/status/AdamLJohnson.Amendment)](https://dev.azure.com/columbus0380/amendment/_build/latest?definitionId=1)

## Build Prerequisites
1. [DotNet 7 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download)
1. [Web Compiler VS Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MadsKristensen.WebCompiler)

## Some quick commands

### Stand up Docker Postgres Database

You can run a temp database in docker. To use docker you need to update the `appsettings.json` file as well.

`docker run -p 5432:5432 --name some-postgres -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=mysecretpassword -e POSTGRES_USER=amendment -d postgres`

### Compile a release
To build a publish release. Run this command from the project's root folder: `dotnet publish --configuration Release`
 - Once the build is done you will find the files to be copied to the server at `\src\Amendment.Web\bin\Release\netcoreapp2.0\publish\`

### SQL and EF migration commands

Run these commands as needed from `\src\Amendment.Repository`
```
dotnet ef migrations remove
dotnet ef migrations add AddedAmendment
dotnet ef migrations script > d:\temp\sql.sql
```

### Server commands
```
sudo nano /etc/systemd/system/aspnetcore-amendment.service
sudo systemctl status aspnetcore-amendment.service
sudo systemctl enable aspnetcore-amendment.service
sudo systemctl start aspnetcore-amendment.service

sudo journalctl -fu aspnetcore-amendment.service
```

## Setup

Be sure that the user that runs the Azure DevOps agent has Read/Write permissions to `/var/aspnetcore/amendments`. You may need to create the directory.

### Startup Service Script

Save to `/etc/systemd/system/aspnetcore-amendment.service`
```
[Unit]
Description=Amendment translation web site

[Service]
WorkingDirectory=/var/aspnetcore/amendments
ExecStart=/usr/bin/dotnet /var/aspnetcore/amendments/Amendment.Server.dll --urls=http://*:5000
Restart=always
# Restart service after 10 seconds if the dotnet service crashes:
RestartSec=10
SyslogIdentifier=amendment-web
User=adamlj
Environment=ASPNETCORE_ENVIRONMENT=Production
Environment=DOTNET_PRINT_TELEMETRY_MESSAGE=true
Environment=ConnectionStrings__DefaultConnection=Host=<HOST>;Database=<DB>;Username=<USERNAME>;Password=<PASSWORD>;

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```

### Allow Azure DevOps to restart the service

Add the following to `/etc/sudoers`:
```
%sudo   ALL=NOPASSWD: /bin/systemctl restart aspnetcore-amendment.service
```

### nginx.conf

**NOTE** Replace `DOMAINNAME` with the real domain name. You will also need to remove the let's encrypt/Certbot config until you are ready.

```
user www-data;
worker_processes auto;
pid /run/nginx.pid;
include /etc/nginx/modules-enabled/*.conf;

events {
        worker_connections 768;
        # multi_accept on;
}

http {
    include       mime.types;
    # anything written in /opt/nginx/conf/mime.types is interpreted as if written inside the http { } block

    default_type  application/octet-stream;

    map $http_connection $connection_upgrade {
        "~*Upgrade" $http_connection;
        default keep-alive;
    }

    server {
            server_name amendments.DOMAINNAME.com www.amendments.DOMAINNAME.com;

            # Configure the SignalR Endpoint
            location / {
                      # App server url
                      proxy_pass http://localhost:5000;

                      # Configuration for WebSockets
                      proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
                      proxy_set_header Connection $connection_upgrade;
                      proxy_cache off;
                      # WebSockets were implemented after http/1.0
                      proxy_http_version 1.1;

                      # Configuration for ServerSentEvents
                      proxy_buffering off;

                      # Configuration for LongPolling or if your KeepAliveInterval is longer than 60 seconds
                      proxy_read_timeout 100s;

                      proxy_set_header Host $host;
                      proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
                      proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto $scheme;
                     }

    listen 443 ssl; # managed by Certbot
    ssl_certificate /etc/letsencrypt/live/amendments.DOMAINNAME.com/fullchain.pem; # managed by Certbot
    ssl_certificate_key /etc/letsencrypt/live/amendments.DOMAINNAME.com/privkey.pem; # managed by Certbot
    include /etc/letsencrypt/options-ssl-nginx.conf; # managed by Certbot
    ssl_dhparam /etc/letsencrypt/ssl-dhparams.pem; # managed by Certbot


}


    server {
            server_name dev-amendments.DOMAINNAME.com www.dev-amendments.DOMAINNAME.com;

            # Configure the SignalR Endpoint
            location / {
                      # App server url
                      proxy_pass http://localhost:5050;

                      # Configuration for WebSockets
                      proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
                      proxy_set_header Connection $connection_upgrade;
                      proxy_cache off;
                      # WebSockets were implemented after http/1.0
                      proxy_http_version 1.1;

                      # Configuration for ServerSentEvents
                      proxy_buffering off;

                      # Configuration for LongPolling or if your KeepAliveInterval is longer than 60 seconds
                      proxy_read_timeout 100s;

                      proxy_set_header Host $host;
                      proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
                      proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto $scheme;
                     }

    listen 443 ssl; # managed by Certbot
    ssl_certificate /etc/letsencrypt/live/dev-amendments.DOMAINNAME.com/fullchain.pem; # managed by Certbot
    ssl_certificate_key /etc/letsencrypt/live/dev-amendments.DOMAINNAME.com/privkey.pem; # managed by Certbot
    include /etc/letsencrypt/options-ssl-nginx.conf; # managed by Certbot
    ssl_dhparam /etc/letsencrypt/ssl-dhparams.pem; # managed by Certbot


}




    server {
    if ($host = www.amendments.DOMAINNAME.com) {
        return 301 https://$host$request_uri;
    } # managed by Certbot


    if ($host = amendments.DOMAINNAME.com) {
        return 301 https://$host$request_uri;
    } # managed by Certbot


            listen 80;
            server_name amendments.DOMAINNAME.com www.amendments.DOMAINNAME.com;
    return 404; # managed by Certbot




}


    server {
    if ($host = www.dev-amendments.DOMAINNAME.com) {
        return 301 https://$host$request_uri;
    } # managed by Certbot


    if ($host = dev-amendments.DOMAINNAME.com) {
        return 301 https://$host$request_uri;
    } # managed by Certbot


            listen 80;
            server_name dev-amendments.DOMAINNAME.com www.dev-amendments.DOMAINNAME.com;
    return 404; # managed by Certbot




}}

```
